The Elder of War God Huyen Diep saw the King of Quang Lang
Wake up, how's everything arranged?
Report to King Quang Lang
I am waiting for you to arrange everything according to your requirements.
Just waiting for your order.
Both are polite to cooperate with the outside.
How could there be a recording of collusion between the Quang Lang king and the Pantheon?
So who's real is who's fake.
We're still waiting to see.
Chu Long's plan was to use the recording of the main part of the plan, how it could be recorded in his hands.
You said the recording was iron evidence.
So King Quang Lang
Let me ask you about the recording in your hand.
Is that iron evidence?
The person below me has a recording like that.
But I don't believe
Such sound synthesis technology is so simple.
I'm afraid elementary school kids who know a little bit about sound perception can do it.
Why do you believe in such nonsense?
They say this is hard evidence.
Don't you find it funny
Does he really swear?
It is not clear that he is not the owner of Yukhe Beijing this time.